---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
date: 2015-07-21 00:00:00 -0800
---

## About The Blog (And Me)

#### About the Blog

I have a varity of interests, that you'll get a glimpse at below, but this blog is primarly focused on software engineering. I'll periodically be adding content as I learning something new or interesting. Hopefully **you can learn something too :)**. I chose the name *Raising The Stacks*, partly just because I like puns, but I suppose programming professionally was also a bit of a gamble for me. I would not exactly call my former employment "cushy", but every government job comes with some form of consistent expectations. I was doing quite well in the Marines, but something was missing. I had a desire to build --to design something that could affect tons of people, and bring it into existence. So at the end of my contract I left the Marines, hit the books, built some applications, and now you're reading this sentence.

#### About Me

**Hi! I'm John**. I also go by "Knox", or "J.T.", as well as a couple
other nicknames, and I'll probably even respond if you just say "*Hey!
You there.*"

I'm 23 years young at the time of this writing. I grew up on the coast
of California, and spent my late teens playing drums around the country
before settling down at the infinitely wise age of 18 to join United
States Marine Corps. I had an overall positive experience in the
military, but that is too long a story to do justice to in a paragraph,
and this blog is about programming. One note-worthy experience, relevant
to me and programming, was 7 months in a "C.O.C." (hi-tech room with
lots maps, computers, and "important" people) in Afghanistan.

The work responsibilities were surprisingly similar to just about any
"[generic office work](https://imgflip.com/gif/b8nve)". I made [pretty
spreadsheets](https://worklifebalenciaga.wordpress.com/tag/efficiency/),
filed reports, etc. During the long and *exceptionally boring*
(thankfully) uneventful hours. I started looking for ways to make the
tedious parts of my job less tedious, and discovered
[**VBA**](http://chandoo.org/wp/2011/08/29/introduction-to-vba-macros/)
in MS Office. **I was hooked**. I loved being able to express my
intentions to a computer in a way it could understand and perform at its
pace. I had spent my whole life walking and now I was driving a car on
the turnpike.

My contract with the Marine Corps ended about 6 months after getting
back to the U.S., and I started college again in 2014. I casually I took
some CS classes and other Gen. Ed. for a year, and then discovered
[Hackreactor](http://www.hackreactor.com) --**a school better suited for
my enthusiasm**.

Since then I have built a variety of web applications. I may talk about in future articles. Afterall, this blog is about learning and the best learning I have done is while doing. Oh yea! I'm **currently looking for a job**. Hire me! I don't bite.

